well it's new year's resolution time
again chief among them of course and
perhaps the most challenging losing some
of that holiday weight well guess what
just when you need it most a new fitness
craze is bouncing into town we're here
at Santa buta studio to the drum is
alive as I'm doing drugs alive for about
two years with the really fun class that
people can get through and they don't
feel like they're actually working out
the entire time if you're kind of bored
kickboxing and step class this is a
great alternative yes it's something
you've really never done let's pick this
up I like the creative expression that
people has been applying while working
out in this class it's a format with a
choreographed routine but they're
allowed to bring another own movement to
it I really enjoy the movement together
with a drumming and dancing to the music
I really enjoy that a lot it's really
important to find a workout that you
actually enjoy it's not a chore I look
forward to coming to this it's something
I want to do it's not something I have
to do to put time in nice deep breath
get your feet stomping and your body
moving and you're going to get
tremendous results because you're
probably going to burn about 150
calories every 20 minutes you apply what
you do maybe while washing the dishes or
driving in the car just following that
feet with your fingertips and now you
just actually get with the dream of
drumming while working out I think I'm
going to start a band soon
there will be a ball band provocation
youtube or something it does take your
mind off the grueling exercise new
classes start later this month if you
would like more information on how to
sign up log on to our website NBC
chicago calm we were just saying you
know you take your drumsticks from rock
band in your laundry basket you could do
it at home ginger or that dansgame you
were telling about yeah the kinect yeah
we were doing that over the holiday I'm
just the ants ops how do we warm up how
do we get there and that's what we're
going to have to do this week where else
and I are going to dance yeah well the
dance exactly